[RLlib] Learner API Docs (#37729)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-learner.rst

.. include:: /_includes/rllib/announcement.rst

.. include:: /_includes/rllib/we_are_hiring.rst

.. |tensorflow| image:: images/tensorflow.png
    :class: inline-figure
    :width: 16

.. |pytorch| image:: images/pytorch.png
    :class: inline-figure
    :width: 16

Learner (Alpha)
==================

> :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` allows you to abstract the training 

Reviewer: Can we add the API docs? `Learner` API references, right now are not recognized.

Author: done

logic of RLModules. It supports both gradient-based and non-gradient-based updates (e.g.

> polyak averaging, etc.) The API is designed so that it can be distributed using data-
> distributed parallel (DDP). The Learner achieves the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
polyak averaging, etc.) The API is designed so that it can be distributed using data-distributed parallel (DDP). The Learner achieves the following:
```

> (1) Facilitating gradient-based updates on `RLModule`.

Reviewer: cross link RLModule API.

> (1) Facilitating gradient-based updates on `RLModule`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(1) Facilitates gradient-based updates on `RLModule`.
```

> (2) Providing abstractions for non-gradient based updates such as polyak averaging, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(2) Provides abstractions for non-gradient based updates such as polyak averaging, etc.
```

(3) Reporting training statistics.

> (4) Checkpointing the modules and optimizer states for durable training.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(4) Checkpoints the modules and optimizer states for durable training.
```

> The :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` class supports data-distributed-
> parallel style training via the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` class supports data-distributed 
parallel style training via the 
```

> :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` API. Under this paradigm, 

Reviewer: xlink LearnerGroup API

the :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` maintains multiple 
copies of the same :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` with identical 
parameters and hyperparameters. Each of these
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` s computes the loss and gradients on a
shard of a sample batch and then accumulates the gradients across the 

> :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` s. Learn more about data-distributed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` instances. Learn more about data-distributed 
```

parallel learning in 
`this article. <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/ddp_tutorial.html>`_

:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` also allows for 
asynchronous training and (distributed) checkpointing for durability during training.

> How To Enable Learner API In RLlib Experiments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enabling Learner API in RLlib experiments
```

Reviewer 2: Suggest sentence-case for section headings.

==============================================

> You can adjust the amount of resources for training using the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adjust the amount of resources for training using the 
```

`num_gpus_per_learner_worker`, `num_cpus_per_learner_worker`, and `num_learner_workers`
arguments in the `AlgorithmConfig`.

.. testcode::
	:hide:

	from ray.rllib.algorithms.ppo.ppo import PPOConfig

.. testcode::

    config = (
        PPOConfig()
        .resources(

>         num_gpus_per_learner_worker=0,  # Set this to 1 to enable GPU training.

Reviewer: indentation?

        num_cpus_per_learner_worker=1,
        num_learner_workers=0  # Set this to greater than 0 to allow for DDP style 
                               # updates.
        )
        .training(_enable_learner_api=True)
        .rl_module(_enable_rl_module_api=True)
    )

.. testcode::
	:hide:

	config = config.environment("CartPole-v1")
	config.build()  # test that the algorithm can be built with the given resources

.. note::
    

>     This features is in beta. If you migrate to this algorithm, enable the feature by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This features is in alpha. If you migrate to this algorithm, enable the feature by 
```

>     setting `_enable_learner_api` and `_enable_rl_module_api` flags in the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    setting the `_enable_learner_api` and `_enable_rl_module_api` flags in the 
```

    `AlgorithmConfig`.

    The following algorithms support `Learner` out of the box. Implement

>     an algorithm with a custom `Learner` to leverage this API for other Algorithms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    an algorithm with a custom `Learner` to leverage this API for other algorithms.
```

Reviewer 2: Is the last "Algorithm" capitalized for a special reason?

    .. list-table::
       :header-rows: 1
       :widths: 60 60

       * - Algorithm
         - Supported Framework
       * - **PPO**
         - |pytorch| |tensorflow|
       * - **Impala**
         - |pytorch| |tensorflow|
       * - **APPO**
         - |pytorch| |tensorflow|

> Basic Usage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Basic usage
```

===========

Use the `LearnerGroup` utility to interact with multiple learners. 

Construction
------------

If you enable the `RLModule`

> and `Learner` APIs via the RLlib algorithm config, then `Algorithm` will construct a `LearnerGroup` for you, but if you’re using these APIs standalone, you can construct the `LearnerGroup` as follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and `Learner` APIs using the RLlib algorithm config, then `Algorithm` constructs a `LearnerGroup` for you, but if you’re using these APIs standalone, you can construct the `LearnerGroup` as follows:
```

.. testcode::
    :hide:

    # imports for the examples

    import numpy as np
    import gymnasium as gym
    import ray
    from ray.rllib.algorithms.ppo.torch.ppo_torch_rl_module import PPOTorchRLModule
    from ray.rllib.algorithms.ppo.torch.ppo_torch_learner import PPOTorchLearner
    from ray.rllib.algorithms.ppo.ppo_catalog import PPOCatalog
    from ray.rllib.algorithms.ppo.ppo_learner import PPOLearnerHyperparameters
    from ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module import SingleAgentRLModuleSpec
    from ray.rllib.core.learner.learner import FrameworkHyperparameters, LearnerSpec
    from ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group import LearnerGroup
    from ray.rllib.core.learner.scaling_config import LearnerGroupScalingConfig
    ray.init(ignore_reinit_error=True)

.. tab-set::
    

>     .. tab-item:: Contstructing a `LearnerGroup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. tab-item:: Contstructing a LearnerGroup
```

        .. testcode::

            env = gym.make("CartPole-v1")

            module_spec = SingleAgentRLModuleSpec(
                            module_class=PPOTorchRLModule,
                            observation_space=env.observation_space,
                            action_space=env.action_space,
                            model_config_dict={},
                            catalog_class=PPOCatalog
                        )

>             hparams = PPOLearnerHyperparameters(use_kl_loss=True, 

Reviewer: nit: add nice indentation?

                                                kl_coeff=0.01,
                                                kl_target=0.05, 
                                                clip_param=0.2, 
                                                vf_clip_param=0.2, 
                                                entropy_coeff=0.05,
                                                vf_loss_coeff=0.5
                        )

            scaling_config = LearnerGroupScalingConfig(num_workers=1)

            learner_spec = LearnerSpec(
                                learner_class=PPOTorchLearner,
                                module_spec=module_spec,
                                learner_group_scaling_config=scaling_config,
                                learner_hyperparameters=hparams,
                                framework_hyperparameters=FrameworkHyperparameters(),
                            )

            learner_group = LearnerGroup(learner_spec)

>     .. tab-item:: Constructing a `Learner`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. tab-item:: Constructing a Learner
```

        .. testcode::

            env = gym.make("CartPole-v1")

            module_spec = SingleAgentRLModuleSpec(
                            module_class=PPOTorchRLModule,
                            observation_space=env.observation_space,
                            action_space=env.action_space,
                            model_config_dict={},
                            catalog_class=PPOCatalog
                        )

>             hparams = PPOLearnerHyperparameters(use_kl_loss=True, 

Reviewer: nit: add nice indentation?

                                                kl_coeff=0.01,
                                                kl_target=0.05, 
                                                clip_param=0.2, 
                                                vf_clip_param=0.2, 
                                                entropy_coeff=0.05,
                                                vf_loss_coeff=0.5
                        )

>             learner = PPOTorchLearner(module_spec=module_spec, 

Reviewer: nit: add nice indentation?

        SampleBatch.PREV_ACTIONS: np.array([0, 1, 1]),
        SampleBatch.REWARDS: np.array([1.0, -1.0, 0.5], dtype=np.float32),
        SampleBatch.PREV_REWARDS: np.array([1.0, -1.0, 0.5], dtype=np.float32),
        SampleBatch.TERMINATEDS: np.array([False, False, True]),
        SampleBatch.TRUNCATEDS: np.array([False, False, False]),
        SampleBatch.VF_PREDS: np.array([0.5, 0.6, 0.7], dtype=np.float32),
        SampleBatch.ACTION_DIST_INPUTS: np.array(
            [[-2.0, 0.5], [-3.0, -0.3], [-0.1, 2.5]], dtype=np.float32
        ),
        SampleBatch.ACTION_LOGP: np.array([-0.5, -0.1, -0.2], dtype=np.float32),
        SampleBatch.EPS_ID: np.array([0, 0, 0]),
        SampleBatch.AGENT_INDEX: np.array([0, 0, 0]),
        Postprocessing.ADVANTAGES: np.array([0.1, 0.2, 0.3], dtype=np.float32),
        Postprocessing.VALUE_TARGETS: np.array([0.5, 0.6, 0.7], dtype=np.float32),
    }
    default_batch = SampleBatch(DUMMY_BATCH)
    DUMMY_BATCH = default_batch.as_multi_agent()
    ADDITIONAL_UPDATE_KWARGS = {"timestep": 0, "sampled_kl_values": {DEFAULT_POLICY_ID: 1e-4}}

    learner.build() # needs to be called on the learner before calling any functions

.. tab-set::
        

>     .. tab-item:: Updating a `LearnerGroup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. tab-item:: Updating a LearnerGroup
```

        .. testcode::

>             # this is a blocking update

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # This is a blocking update.
```

            results = learner_group.update(DUMMY_BATCH)

>             # This is a non-blocking update. The results will be returned in a future

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # This is a non-blocking update. The results are returned in a future
```

            # call to `async_update`
            results = learner_group.async_update(DUMMY_BATCH)

>             # This is an additional non-gradient based update

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # This is an additional non-gradient based update.
```

            learner_group.additional_update(**ADDITIONAL_UPDATE_KWARGS)

        When updating a `LearnerGroup` you can perform blocking or async updates on batches of data. Async updates are necessary for implementing async algorithms such as APPO/IMPALA.
        You can perform non-gradient based updates using `additional_update`.

>     .. tab-item:: Updating a `Learner`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. tab-item:: Updating a Learner
```

        .. testcode::

>             # this is a blocking update

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # This is a blocking update.
```

            result = learner.update(DUMMY_BATCH)

>             # This is an additional non-gradient based update

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # This is an additional non-gradient based update.
```

            learner_group.additional_update(**ADDITIONAL_UPDATE_KWARGS)

        When updating a `Learner` you can only perform blocking updates on batches of data.
        You can perform non-gradient based updates using `additional_update`.
    

> Getting and Setting State

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Getting and setting state
```

-------------------------

.. tab-set::
    

>     .. tab-item:: Getting and Setting State for a `LearnerGroup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. tab-item:: Getting and Setting State for a LearnerGroup
```

        .. testcode::

            # module weights and optimizer states
            state = learner_group.get_state()
            learner_group.set_state(state)

>             # Just module weights

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # just module weights
```

            weights = learner_group.get_weights()
            learner_group.set_weights(weights)

        Set/get the state dict of all learners through learner_group via `set_state` or 
        `get_state`. This includes all states including both neural network weights, 
        and optimizer states on each learner.
    

>     .. tab-item:: Getting and Setting State for a `Learner`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. tab-item:: Getting and Setting State for a Learner
```

        .. testcode::

            # module weights and optimizer states
            state = learner.get_state()
            learner.set_state(state)

            # just module weights
            weights = learner.module.get_state()
            learner.module.set_state(weights)

>         You can set and get the weights of a `Learner` via `set_state` and `get_state`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        You can set and get the weights of a `Learner` using `set_state` and `get_state`
```

>         For setting / getting only RLModule weights (without optimizer states), use `set_weight` or `get_weight` API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        For setting or getting only RLModule weights (without optimizer states), use `set_weight` or `get_weight` API.
```

.. testcode::
	:hide:

	import shutil
	import tempfile

	LEARNER_CKPT_DIR = str(tempfile.TemporaryDirectory())
	LEARNER_GROUP_CKPT_DIR = str(tempfile.TemporaryDirectory())

Checkpointing
-------------

.. tab-set::
    

>     .. tab-item:: Checkpointing a `LearnerGroup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. tab-item:: Checkpointing a LearnerGroup
```

        `load_state`. This includes all states including neural network weights and any
        optimizer states. Note that since the state of all of the `Learner` s is identical,
        only the states from the first `Learner` need to be saved.

    .. tab-item:: Checkpointing a `Learner`

        .. testcode::

            learner.save_state(LEARNER_CKPT_DIR)
            learner.load_state(LEARNER_CKPT_DIR)

        Checkpoint the state of a `Learner` via `save_state` and `load_state`. This 
        includes all states including neural network weights and any optimizer states.

.. testcode::
	:hide:

	shutil.rmtree(LEARNER_CKPT_DIR)
	shutil.rmtree(LEARNER_GROUP_CKPT_DIR)

Implementation
==============
`Learner` has many APIs for flexible implementation, however the core ones that you need to implement are:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 60 60
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method
     - Description
   * - `configure_optimizers_for_module()`
     - set up any optimizers for a RLModule.
   * - `compute_loss_for_module()`
     - calculate the loss for gradient based update to a module.
   * - `additional_update_for_module()`

>      - do any non gradient based updates to a RLModule, e.g. target network updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - do any non gradient based updates to a RLModule, e.g., target network updates.
```

.. include:: /_includes/rllib/announcement.rst

.. include:: /_includes/rllib/we_are_hiring.rst

.. |tensorflow| image:: images/tensorflow.png
    :class: inline-figure
    :width: 16

.. |pytorch| image:: images/pytorch.png
    :class: inline-figure
    :width: 16

Learner (Alpha)
===============

:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` allows you to abstract the training 
logic of RLModules. It supports both gradient-based and non-gradient-based updates (e.g.
polyak averaging, etc.) The API enables you to distribute the Learner using data-
distributed parallel (DDP). The Learner achieves the following:

> (1) Facilitates gradient-based updates on `RLModule`.

Reviewer 3: Can we link to the RL Modules Guide here?

Author: done.

The :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` class supports data-distributed-
parallel style training using the 
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` API. Under this paradigm, 
the :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` maintains multiple 
copies of the same :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` with identical 
parameters and hyperparameters. Each of these
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` instances computes the loss and gradients on a
shard of a sample batch and then accumulates the gradients across the 
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` instances. Learn more about data-distributed 
parallel learning in 
`this article. <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/ddp_tutorial.html>`_

:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` also allows for 
asynchronous training and (distributed) checkpointing for durability during training.

Enabling Learner API in RLlib experiments
=========================================

Adjust the amount of resources for training using the 
`num_gpus_per_learner_worker`, `num_cpus_per_learner_worker`, and `num_learner_workers`

> arguments in the `AlgorithmConfig`.

Reviewer 3: Can we link to the API refs page at least once for these things?

Author: yes

Author: done.

.. testcode::
	:hide:
    :skipif: True

>     from ray.rllib.algorithms.ppo.ppo import PPOConfig

Reviewer 3: This doc contains a lot of code that is not tested.
There exists a folder "doc/source/rllib/doc_code" that could hold a guide file to hold all this test code that actually gets executed there. You could put code there and grab code snippets from there to ensure these example snippets stay up to date.

Author: I think lets do that in a later iteration at this point since doc picks are due today. 

But I agree that if thats the workaround then we'll go that way instead.

                               # updates.
        )
        .training(_enable_learner_api=True)
        .rl_module(_enable_rl_module_api=True)
    )

.. testcode::
	:hide:
    :skipif: True

	from gymnasium.envs.classic_control.cartpole import CartPoleEnv

	config = config.environment(env=CartPoleEnv)
	config.build()  # test that the algorithm can be built with the given resources

.. note::
    
    This features is in alpha. If you migrate to this algorithm, enable the feature by 
    setting `_enable_learner_api` and `_enable_rl_module_api` flags in the 
    `AlgorithmConfig`.

    The following algorithms support `Learner` out of the box. Implement
    an algorithm with a custom `Learner` to leverage this API for other algorithms.

    .. list-table::
       :header-rows: 1
       :widths: 60 60

       * - Algorithm
         - Supported Framework
       * - **PPO**
         - |pytorch| |tensorflow|
       * - **Impala**
         - |pytorch| |tensorflow|
       * - **APPO**
         - |pytorch| |tensorflow|

Basic Usage
===========

Use the `LearnerGroup` utility to interact with multiple learners. 

Construction
------------

If you enable the `RLModule`

> and `Learner` APIs via the RLlib algorithm config, then `Algorithm` constructs a `LearnerGroup` for you, but if you’re using these APIs standalone, you can construct the `LearnerGroup` as follows.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and `Learner` APIs via the `AlgorithmConfig`, then calling `AlgorithmConfig.build()`, construct a `LearnerGroup` for you, but if you’re using these APIs standalone, you can construct the `LearnerGroup` as follows.
```

Algorithm is such an overloaded term. I'd not expect all users to know that PPO is an instance of Algorithm and see through this software engineering perspective of things. Also, we should link to API refs here again imho

Author: all done

            module_spec = SingleAgentRLModuleSpec(
                            module_class=PPOTorchRLModule,
                            observation_space=env.observation_space,
                            action_space=env.action_space,
                            model_config_dict={},
                            catalog_class=PPOCatalog
                        )

            hparams = PPOLearnerHyperparameters(
                use_kl_loss=True, 
                kl_coeff=0.01,
                kl_target=0.05, 
                clip_param=0.2, 
                vf_clip_param=0.2, 
                entropy_coeff=0.05,
                vf_loss_coeff=0.5
            )

            scaling_config = LearnerGroupScalingConfig(num_workers=1)

            learner_spec = LearnerSpec(
                                learner_class=PPOTorchLearner,
                                module_spec=module_spec,
                                learner_group_scaling_config=scaling_config,
                                learner_hyperparameters=hparams,
                                framework_hyperparameters=FrameworkHyperparameters(),
                            )

>             learner_group = LearnerGroup(learner_spec)

Reviewer 3: This would become more useful if it would include the necessary imports so it would become copy-pastable

Author: Its going to add a lot of cognitive load to the guide. Maybe instead we put all of this in a file later then come back to it. We can do that when we update the examples.

            dtype=np.float32,
        ),
        SampleBatch.ACTIONS: np.array([0, 1, 1]),
        SampleBatch.PREV_ACTIONS: np.array([0, 1, 1]),
        SampleBatch.REWARDS: np.array([1.0, -1.0, 0.5], dtype=np.float32),
        SampleBatch.PREV_REWARDS: np.array([1.0, -1.0, 0.5], dtype=np.float32),
        SampleBatch.TERMINATEDS: np.array([False, False, True]),
        SampleBatch.TRUNCATEDS: np.array([False, False, False]),
        SampleBatch.VF_PREDS: np.array([0.5, 0.6, 0.7], dtype=np.float32),
        SampleBatch.ACTION_DIST_INPUTS: np.array(
            [[-2.0, 0.5], [-3.0, -0.3], [-0.1, 2.5]], dtype=np.float32
        ),
        SampleBatch.ACTION_LOGP: np.array([-0.5, -0.1, -0.2], dtype=np.float32),
        SampleBatch.EPS_ID: np.array([0, 0, 0]),
        SampleBatch.AGENT_INDEX: np.array([0, 0, 0]),
        Postprocessing.ADVANTAGES: np.array([0.1, 0.2, 0.3], dtype=np.float32),
        Postprocessing.VALUE_TARGETS: np.array([0.5, 0.6, 0.7], dtype=np.float32),
    }
    default_batch = SampleBatch(DUMMY_BATCH)
    DUMMY_BATCH = default_batch.as_multi_agent()
    ADDITIONAL_UPDATE_KWARGS = {"timestep": 0, "sampled_kl_values": {DEFAULT_POLICY_ID: 1e-4}}

>     learner.build() # needs to be called on the learner before calling any functions

Reviewer 3: Hiding this makes the example not self-contained. Users can't copy/paste it and play with it.
They'd run into the task of construction such a dummy batch themselves which is very painful. Can we make this examples complete? Right now we are just showcasing the API but I fear that it hinders accessibility and learning.

Author: I think sometime later I'll take all of this and move it into a file, but for the meantime, the point of this was so that I could make the code testable.

.. tab-set::
        
    .. tab-item:: Updating a LearnerGroup

        .. testcode::
            :skipif: True

            # This is a blocking update
            results = learner_group.update(DUMMY_BATCH)

            # This is a non-blocking update. The results are returned in a future
            # call to `async_update`
            results = learner_group.async_update(DUMMY_BATCH)

            # This is an additional non-gradient based update.
            learner_group.additional_update(**ADDITIONAL_UPDATE_KWARGS)

        When updating a `LearnerGroup` you can perform blocking or async updates on batches of data. Async updates are necessary for implementing async algorithms such as APPO/IMPALA.
        You can perform non-gradient based updates using `additional_update`.

    .. tab-item:: Updating a Learner

        .. testcode::
            :skipif: True

            # This is a blocking update.
            result = learner.update(DUMMY_BATCH)

            # This is an additional non-gradient based update.
            learner_group.additional_update(**ADDITIONAL_UPDATE_KWARGS)

        When updating a `Learner` you can only perform blocking updates on batches of data.

>         You can perform non-gradient based updates using `additional_update`.

Reviewer 3: For update, async_update and async_update for additional_update, can we link to API refs?

Author: done.

            state = learner_group.get_state()
            learner_group.set_state(state)

            # just module weights
            weights = learner_group.get_weights()
            learner_group.set_weights(weights)

        Set/get the state dict of all learners through learner_group via `set_state` or 
        `get_state`. This includes all states including both neural network weights, 
        and optimizer states on each learner.
    
    .. tab-item:: Getting and Setting State for a Learner

        .. testcode::
            :skipif: True

            # module weights and optimizer states
            state = learner.get_state()
            learner.set_state(state)

            # just module weights
            weights = learner.module.get_state()
            learner.module.set_state(weights)

        You can set and get the weights of a `Learner` using `set_state` and `get_state` .
        For setting or getting only RLModule weights (without optimizer states), use `set_weight` or `get_weight` API.

.. testcode::
	:hide:
    :skipif: True

	import shutil
	import tempfile

	LEARNER_CKPT_DIR = str(tempfile.TemporaryDirectory())

> 	LEARNER_GROUP_CKPT_DIR = str(tempfile.TemporaryDirectory())

Reviewer 3: What does this tell me? The snippet seems out of context to me

Author: This code is hidden to prevent users from seeing it in the guide.

Author: it was not hiding properly for some reason. I just removed it instead.

Checkpointing
-------------

.. tab-set::
    
    .. tab-item:: Checkpointing a LearnerGroup

        .. testcode::
            :skipif: True

            learner_group.save_state(LEARNER_GROUP_CKPT_DIR)
            learner_group.load_state(LEARNER_GROUP_CKPT_DIR)
        
        Checkpoint the state of all learners in the `LearnerGroup` via `save_state` and

>         `load_state`. This includes all states including neural network weights and any

Reviewer 3: Can we make clear what the difference is between get/set/save/load state?
For many of these sections, we just start off with a code example without giving context.
I think both sections "Getting and setting state" and "Checkpointing" should begin with something like:

> "You can checkpoint the state of a LearnerGroup to a directory by calling `LearnerGroup.save_state()`. This will call `LearnerGroup.get_state()` under the hood and therefore includes neural networks weights and optimizer states. 
> Loading a checkpoint works accordingly. Here is an example of how to save and load the state of a LearnerGroup:

```
.. testcode::
            :skipif: True

            learner_group.save_state(LEARNER_GROUP_CKPT_DIR)
            learner_group.load_state(LEARNER_GROUP_CKPT_DIR)
```
> Note that since the state of all of the `Learner` s is identical, only the states from the first `Learner` need to be saved.

Author: done.

        optimizer states. Note that since the state of all of the `Learner` s is identical,
        only the states from the first `Learner` need to be saved.

>     .. tab-item:: Checkpointing a `Learner`

Reviewer 3: Using `s here looks quite weird when compiled

Author: removed.

        .. testcode::
            :skipif: True

            learner.save_state(LEARNER_CKPT_DIR)
            learner.load_state(LEARNER_CKPT_DIR)

        Checkpoint the state of a `Learner` via `save_state` and `load_state`. This 
        includes all states including neural network weights and any optimizer states.

.. testcode::
	:hide:
    :skipif: True

	shutil.rmtree(LEARNER_CKPT_DIR)
	shutil.rmtree(LEARNER_GROUP_CKPT_DIR)

Implementation
==============

> `Learner` has many APIs for flexible implementation, however the core ones that you need to implement are:

Reviewer 3: Imho we should clarify what this section deals with.
Is this about implementing a learner from scratch? Or for customization of an existing learner?

The heading should be something like "Customizing Learner" or "Implementing your own Learner" or something like that.

Author: why can't it be both? I feel like this might be semantics.

:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` API. Under this paradigm, 
the :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` maintains multiple 
copies of the same :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` with identical 
parameters and hyperparameters. Each of these
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` instances computes the loss and gradients on a
shard of a sample batch and then accumulates the gradients across the 
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` instances. Learn more about data-distributed 
parallel learning in 
`this article. <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/ddp_tutorial.html>`_

:py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` also allows for 
asynchronous training and (distributed) checkpointing for durability during training.

Enabling Learner API in RLlib experiments
=========================================

Adjust the amount of resources for training using the 
`num_gpus_per_learner_worker`, `num_cpus_per_learner_worker`, and `num_learner_workers`
arguments in the :py:class:`~ray.rllib.algorithms.algorithm_config.AlgorithmConfig`.

.. testcode::

> 	:hide:

Reviewer 4: Looks like this overindented?

>     :skipif: True

Reviewer 4: Alternatively, instead of labeling all blocks with `:skipif: True`, we could add `rllib-learner.rst` to the exclude list in the `BUILD` file.

        
        Checkpoint the state of all learners in the :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup` via :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup.save_state` and
        :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner_group.LearnerGroup.load_state`. This includes all states including neural network weights and any
        optimizer states. Note that since the state of all of the :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` instances is identical,
        only the states from the first :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` need to be saved.

    .. tab-item:: Checkpointing a Learner

        .. testcode::
            :skipif: True

            learner.save_state(LEARNER_CKPT_DIR)
            learner.load_state(LEARNER_CKPT_DIR)

        Checkpoint the state of a :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` 
        via :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner.save_state` and 
        :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner.load_state`. This 
        includes all states including neural network weights and any optimizer states.

Implementation
==============

> :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner` has many APIs for flexible implementation, however the core ones that you need to implement are:

Reviewer 3: The Learner class has a lot of abstract methods (13 or so).
I think we should clarify here that if you would want to only override the ones below, you'll have to subclass a framework specific implementation.

Author: I think what I was going for here is to describe the minimum functions that people need to implement or override for their custom learners, whether that be them overriding them or implementing a brand new one.

Reviewer 3: Imo this should read:

Writing or customizing Learners
===================

> If you want to write your own custom :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.learner.Learner`, you will want to subclass a framework-specific Learner. The following is a list of the most important methods that you'll want to implement. Similarely, these methods are likely what you'll want to override if you want to modify an existing Learner like TorchPPOLearner <API ref link> :

(...)
